hello everyone here is such a military knife
or rather whose military blade is slightly to him
tight liner lock
linerock very beginning screws
all very good spins up
unscrewed not bound but
Choose the right screwdriver steel
blade
d2 really written cpm s30v
notches
he
meets the military present
American as well as on top the hole is not
scratched skin does not tear off
size is good enough for .
note perfectly flat for
factory sharpening is just what
there must be something that should be on
doroguschie knives but usually this
far not so here just great
military paper macaroni simply
answer without any problems
Knife spider to military chinese
produced or popularly referred to as
military first video I said about
that this knife has a fairly tight move
but promised that this problem will be
easily eliminated and magnitude so and so that
i did with this knife first
polished all surfaces in the second
treated with a dry teflon lubricant
I teach the rules a number of other significant
manipulations but I will not bore you
after which the course of the blade became very easy
that is, the blade fly away without any
problems, that is, with
nodding suspension blade it folds
no problem at all what you want but when
This axial screw is tightened strongly, we then
there is no backlash no showing here
Well, it is clear that in general no, he tightened
tightly
and moving the liner there is no backlash
at the same time the lock at the very beginning is also
evidence that the whole mechanism
firmly wedge our wedge too
center
but I think, and well, our military promised
show you there is a knife such a vase.
on him the tip is long-suffering here his
broke off dragged did not begin to deduce about
straight show here well and so sharpen here
we will wait very high quality
machine tools too pleased principle good
also on the forum here
no backlash is not present my new Miletus
I want to note how much the blade oozed
here and put together with 2 millimeter